# Process

1. add comments on the questionnaire table in NocoDB 
	1. Notes:
		1. primarily to preserve the record
2. convene a meeting to discuss comments 
	1. Notes:
		1. any changes should be added to Changelog
3. convene a meeting to discuss proposed changes 
	4. notes:
		1. changes should be posted on the Changelog
4.  get everyone to vote on desired changes
	1. Notes
		1. 2 rounds
			1. 1st round: everyone votes on their desired changes
			2. 2nd round: reconcile everyone's desired changes (Charles will lead here)
5. create new version of the questionnaire
5. create new version of the principles
6. update rationale for questions
6. update rationale for principles
7. create [[Survey for Assessing Content Validity|survey]] in Limesurvey for assessing content validity of questionnaire
8. share survey with ~10 experts (DAO operators, DAO tooling developers, and DAO researchers) to get feedback on content validity
9. create [[Survey for assessing principles|survey]] in Limesurvey for assessing adequacy and general applicability of principles
10. share survey with ~10 experts (DAO operators, DAO tooling developers, and DAO researchers) to get feedback on general applicability and adequacy (generally, if current principles generally characterize all DAOs, any principles they would add, principles they would remove, )
11. Update principles based on survey results
12. Update questionnaire based on survey results
13. create a rubric for answering questions on the questionnaire
14. clarify project roles
15. Pilot V1.0 questionnaire for case studies of DAOs (~60-80 DAOs)
	1. Develop selection criteria for DAOs (may go beyond chosen DAO aggregator's descriptive attributes)
	2. Update 
	3. Update *DAO Index User Guide*
		1. Update other supporting documentation
	4. Develop digital tools to support assessments 
		1. Metrics calculators
			1. Nakamoto coefficient (possibly)
			2. Palma Ratio
			3. Banzhaf Power Index 
			4. Voting Bloc Entropy
			5. [Governance Participation Rates](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2302.12125.pdf)
			6. Token distribution (possibly)
		2. Governance proposal analyzer (what to analyze here?)
		3. Web Scraping tools
		4. LLM-based QA tool for automating assessments
	5. Update dashboard (i.e., web UI)
		1. Update and use Softr dashboard (or Gradio or Streamlit or Plasmic) while creating full-on web app
	6. Update questionnaire based on feedback from assessments 
		1. note:
			1. can add updates as minor changes
16. Conduct data analyses of DAO Index V1.0 data repository and instrument anlyses of DAO Index V1.0 questionnaire
17. Publish results of analyses and piloting V1.0 questionnaire
	1. Draft report on preliminary findings from data and instrument analyses
	2. Draft Whitepaper for V1.0
		1. outline -> first draft of sections -> second draft of sections -> final draft of sections -> published draft
18. Repeat process for V1.0 to V1.1

